Allow anonymous to be configured as the username of consumer (#4404)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/ldap-auth/_index.md

      datatype: number
      description: |
        An optional value in milliseconds that defines how long an idle connection to LDAP server will live before being closed.
    - name: anonymous
      required: false
      default: null
      datatype: string
      description:

>         An optional string (Consumer UUID or username) value to use as an “anonymous” consumer if authentication fails. If empty (default null), the request will fail with an authentication failure `4xx`. Please note that this value must refer to the Consumer `id` or `username` attribute, and **not** its `custom_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        An optional string (consumer UUID or username) value to use as an “anonymous” consumer if authentication fails. If empty (default null), the request fails with an authentication failure `4xx`. Note that this value must refer to the consumer `id` or `username` attribute, and **not** its `custom_id`.
```

      minimum_version: "3.1.0"
    - name: anonymous
      required: false
      default: null
      datatype: string
      description: |
        An optional string (consumer UUID) value to use as an anonymous consumer if authentication fails.

>         If empty (default), the request will fail with an authentication failure `4xx`. Note that this value
>         must refer to the consumer `id` attribute that is internal to Kong, and **not** its `custom_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        If empty (default), the request fails with an authentication failure `4xx`. Note that this value
        must refer to the consumer `id` attribute that is internal to Kong Gateway, and **not** its `custom_id`.
```
